# Scout

Stream Scout Repo

A TV Guide for streamers

Problem: Twitch.tv has a terrible search feature. Only “top” streamers are easy to find in the search results (of current live streamers). Search is only by 1.) game currently playing and 2.) live viewers. Offline streams do not show.

Solution: A “Steamers Guide” website. Streamers create profiles outlining every facet of their “show”.
Streamer Profiles: Bios/videos/photos, add games played, steam schedule/show times, type of stream (comedy, educational, walkthroughs, speed runs, ect).
Games(s) Played: All games they streamer has played will add to their [tags] even if it’s not the current game they are playing(game list can be a historically generated list from APIs). There will be a decay system so old games don’t get false readings.
Scheduled Steam Time: Streamers setup a “scheduled stream time” and if they do not go live during that block of time the site will automatically play a past broadcast generated by API
You May Also Like (suggested): Shows streams based on the same tags as the streamers they watch frequently
Support New Streamers: Streamers that have low viewer count compared to their air time, this would be a way to get newer streamers that put in effort to get seen.

Target Market: Much like Google the “customer” is the individual searching for streamers to watch.

Product: Streamer Profiles are the product, that can later on generate revenue with “premium” memberships that will allow more advanced profile features.

Components:
Home - This will be the dynamic search function of the page
Profiles (Streamer, Viewer, Possibly Steam Moderators):
If you are logged in as a viewer it will be your own personalized live stream TV station. You design your own streamer feed by dragging and dropping streamer show times into a calendar block, it is saved to your account.
If you are a streamer it will be your streamer profile.
News (Industry, Up and coming, Streamer Spotlight $)

Additional Features:
Ability to review streamers with a 1 to 5 star ranking (keep it simple) and ability to check off positive and negative pre-programmed comments. Ideally keep people from writing their own so it doesn’t get slanderous, racist, ect. Likely will need to implement IP tracking on reviews to prevent review sites/bot nets from selling reviews if the site gains popularity.
Split Stream, watch two of your favorite streamers side by side
Tournaments/Official Pages

Page Layout:
Main Page:
Full page of tiles displaying streamers. This will use some algorithm to generate for new visitors and will use favorite streamers/previously watched streamers by default. There will be a + and - (thumbs up or down) to help arrange the list with the ability to manually set where the streams show up in your feed. This allows for total customization.
Search Menu will slide onto the screen from the left hand side on desktop. This allows for check box searching (ability to view multiple games at once) of the following categories:
Game Currently playing
Past Games streamed
Status Live/offline
Stream schedule (pick times streamers setup in their profiles, possibly save data from when they actually stream)
Type of stream: (comedy, educational, walkthroughs, speed runs, ect).
Navigation/Menu bar:
Home (Streams)
Profile/My station (viewer)/My Stream (streamer)
News
Profile Page (streamer):
Profile Page (viewer):

Search Function:

Site builds “tags” (think Wordpress) to user profiles that are stored in a local database. The site search feature can use these tags to help viewers find new streamers that may be a good fit for their viewing pleasure.

Review Twitch APIs and see if there are restrictions, a stream crawling bot may be the best way to build these tags and keep them in real time.

Q&A:

Q: What about streamers that do not have a Scout profile?
A: Generic profiles will be created and can be claimed by the individual logging in to StreamSite via Twitch.

Q: What are the benefits of claiming my profile on Scout?
A: Free advertising for your stream! Our generic profile creation is only a small part of the benefits you can get from our site, for example; define a schedule that viewers can import into their profile, fine tune your genre and search words, link or upload an intro video, blog posts/update your viewers (tool for broadcasting across all of your social media networks).

Pages:
Home (index.html)
Login (login.html)
Profile (user.html)
Search (search.html)

Elements:
Search Grid (Homepage)
User Login
Login Portal
Username
Password
Logged in status
User Profile
User Portal
Profile Type
Viewer
Streamer
Moderator
Administrator
User defined Search Grid
